Thank you for inviting me. It's an honor to be here today. I will talk about Industrial Operation X and driving IT-OT to the next level. Before I start, I will give you a short video intro. Thank you for watching.

Oh, you don't know Siemens? Siemens is a company with about 300,000 employees globally. And we have a strong presence across four sectors. One is industry, infrastructure, mobility, and healthcare. We try to know the progress and growth across all these industries. For us, sustainability is now a key priority. With our digital transformation, which we are pushing across these industries, we want to have a positive impact on sustainability.

outside, so you need other protection systems than before. We see still a lot of the trend to have lots of the things on site, but there are also, if you look to some industries, they use also specifically kind of, you know, different cloud structures to put data in different clouds and making that even more complicated to attack. So I think this is something where we need to see how it's evolving also for the CBA and the conductor industry going forward. And so what is really important here is making sure that your security is always up to date and that you have also been being able to audit it regularly that you don't get any sort of new software updates and making sure that you are always basically on the front line. In addition to actually the attacks and topics we see in the industry.

And we saw also new regulations coming up. And this is not only happening in Asia or in the U.S. So also, for example, in Europe, there was now the NIS 2 announced. This regulation will be a lot more stricter, especially for very critical industries, where semiconductor industry will be also one which will be affected. That means you also need to be aware, okay, what is the regulation out there? And there we obviously also support you in finding the ways for being always on top of things. What is happening in the outside world in terms of what are the new regulations and what are really the requirements to make sure that you are also basically compliant with the regulations going forward. This is not only compliant, for example, NIS 2 is not only applying for European companies. That's applying for all companies delivering to Europe and also manufacturing in Europe.

So now I would like to give you also a few examples of what does it mean to have a fully individual enterprise. And I took an example of our own, because we not only serve our customers, we also use our tools ourselves in our own production sites. So for example, our lighthouse plant in Amberg was able to increase productivity 13 times and also increase the quality by 99.9%. And I won't read out now all the other KPIs, but just giving you an example on what the digital enterprise can really help you going forward and what you can achieve with that. And then coming back to what I started with, Amberg was now also awarded by the World Economic Forum for being a lighthouse for sustainability, because all goals stand in line. So if you try to do digital transformation, that will also help you.

on the sustainability side. And we have reduced energy consumption. In this fact, about 50%, which is intense, just from process optimization, really having digital transparency, where we're using most of the energy, and then also about innovations in the supply chain. So, for example, we developed a software called SIPRI, which is blockchain-based, where we are able to track product consumption across the whole supply chain and can directly see, okay, this is our supplier, how much product consumption is the preproduct actually using. Because in Siemens, we have about 65,000 suppliers, and so you cannot handle that manually, so you basically need digital solutions for that. And 90% of our emissions are from free emissions, so they actually occur before we produce it. So for us, it's really important also to manage our supply chain, and that's why we...

We developed this software, which we are also basically selling to our customers. And almost 70% of our emissions got reduced also by data analytics and digitalization. And we want to achieve by 2026 to be fully carbon neutral with this FED in our bank. And with that, I would like to close my presentation. And thank you for listening to me. And let's jointly unleash the power of resilient semiconductor manufacturing. And let's create a more sustainable semiconductor manufacturing. Thank you. Thank you for speaking. So, are there any questions about the presentation?

For us, we see right now three major trends that we can also support around. The first one, as I just already said, sustainability. And there, smart manufacturing for us is a key enabler. To get more transparency on your energy consumption, and then also integrating the IT in order to grow a lot more wireless smart manufacturing. And obviously, that creates also new potential. We see cyber attacks increasing right now across the industry. You need to have a secure system and also base it on your plan. And with all of that, we try to support you to transform the everyday for all of us. And with that, I would like to give also the pledge to you. We need to must act. We act now. If we don't act now, the emissions in the semiconductor industry will be troubled. So this is really important that we all work together.

in order to reduce that. And also, we see that in some regions, obviously, due to the fact that energy costs are quite high, also this has a major impact on your operating costs. And then, of course, we have the topic of resource efficiency. So how can we actually balance new technology versus putting depreciation and tax benefits first? So this is also something which we need to talk a lot more about going forward in terms of circular economy and reuse, for example, of machines. So what we at Siemens really push forward is the topic of digital enterprise. And that does not mean only focusing on manufacturing. All who know us know that we are focusing also on design software, but we are also very strong in automation and industrial software. And we can help you going forward really to push for the strategy.

over to product design, production, design, operation to really connect the real and the digital world. And if you now ask yourself, how is that possible? I will talk a little bit more about this now. So as you know, Siemens is leading in automation and we are leading in IT. So we are the ones who really have the credibility across the industry to be your partner in driving this to the next level. So what is our vision? So today we talk a lot about totally integrated automation. You can see automation production at least very much on the front end side. I think there is still a way to go on the back end side in terms of automation. And what we see now is the next level and what we also just launched in April is a virtual PLC. Meaning, getting more software enabled automation. That means we...

We really integrate built-in low-cost capabilities, making it easier for our customers to customize, actually, the software and also the systems. And then really going to a full digital enterprise, connecting the IT and OT world completely. And that's called now, we talk a lot about the industrial metaverse, really having a full digital world, industrialized. And not only, but we see a lot on the consumer side, really entering the digital world, connecting your cap network visually and driving that to the next level. Industrial migration X, like I said already, will be very open and also more interoperable. That means you can easily connect between different communication standards, you are more flexible, and it will be a lot more easy to use the software.

And what is really the basis for all of that, if you talk about simulating and also the digital world, it's the digital twin. And the digital twin is not only working for your product, to have more efficient design of the product, for example, or of a machine, for example, that means really having the digital twin of a machine and then being able to optimize or newly design before you're actually prototyping it physically. And on the other side, you could also use that, if you talk where you make machines, to train your people. You don't need to move the machines around or bring it to the people. You can also virtually train your people on the machines. So these are things which are possible through the digital twin. And then on the other side, obviously, you can also simulate your own production processes, meaning you can then test new ways, already basically optimized.

online, on the software, before you actually enter your process. And if you combine them all, basically that means you can also, going forward, improve your performance, efficiency, and optimize the way going forward. And you can not only do that basically on brownfield production site, you can also use the digital twin to design basically greenfield, your production site already in the digital twin, plan everything, and then actually complete it. If we talk, we have heard also a lot about AI and just now proxy offices. And if we look to AI, we see a very strong combination needed. So it will not be enough to have, you know, hiring a data scientist, because he will not be able to understand the automation part of it. So you need to connect basically your data scientists also with automation experts and also with industry experts.

to really connect the two worlds. And then being very clear, what are the KPIs and use cases you want to improve? Because, of course, you can design new life models, but it doesn't help you if you don't have, basically, in the front, or at first, basically defined the KPIs you want to improve. So I think this is very, very important, because we talk a lot about AI, yes, this can help you, but we need to be very clear on what needs to be improved and how the AI needs to be trained, and then also the model needs to be adapted going forward, obviously, and this is, you know, like a build-and-run system, so we will not build it once, because the AI then needs to learn, and then it goes, basically, to the next step. If we look to the topic of cybersecurity, what I just talked about, basically, this is me making sure that we are really ensuring also that your...

I've heard the horrible stories that someone is entering your HVAC system, actually your site system, and then you got hacked also on your core system. So we need to make sure that the golden nuggets and IP is really protected. And that will keep getting more and more important going forward as the semiconductor industry is now also so relevant going forward. So what we at Siemens really focus on is not only having a system integrity or network security, really going from plan security, which is on the most inside the semiconductor industry, especially on the front-end production, quite advanced, but really making sure not only your plan is secure, but also your network and whole software basically is secure, because that's now creating new potential to enter actually your system.

