It's great to see so many people in this forum until now. Because I think from 10 o'clock this morning to here, I think many people will feel very tired. But I have two good news for you. First news is this is the final session. So, don't worry, you can stay until the end. And another good news is we have three offline presentation later. So, I think the information and knowledge is very important for you, especially in the smart information area. So, later I will let the time to have three presentations, as you know. Especially, we also encourage you to use our Q&A online system. So, if you have any question, you can use...

scan this QR code, you can use this offline system. But if you have the technology, you also can use the microphone to supply your question. So later I will start our presentation. Okay. So our first presentation in this session is Mr. Seville. He is the CTO in Dell Electric, especially for the efficient, non-structured data solution. So this presentation's title is Leveraging Non-Structured Data for Smart Manufacturing Outcomes with AI. So let's welcome Mr. Seville.

And they're looking for benefits coming out, such as predictive maintenance, yield optimization, and looking at supply chain logistics. So to do that, there is a lot of analytics, machine learning, taking place on that data. And, you know, there are traditional techniques such as filter that have been used for many years to do this. Now what we're doing is many of our customers are introducing S3 native object storage. So the S3 tier provides an archive for data cradles in RAVE. There is serialized data needed to be held by the end user customer. But it also effectively converts the data lake into a data lake house that has built-in high-speed SQL query capabilities.

So this is like a combination of a data warehouse and a data lake. And we're doing this today with a partner called Starburst. Starburst implements the enterprise version of the open source Trino solution for data virtualization. Now this data, you can think of it as the fuel that drives the rocket engine which is AI. AI deep learning, AI into generative AI. And so we have a partnership with NVIDIA to put their high performance A100 and H100 GPUs into our latest Dell Technologies PowerEdge X3 servers. And we feed them with the high speed NVMe storage.

that can keep up with the very hungry appetite of those GPUs. GPUs are very expensive and we want to make sure that they are utilised at a 97% or higher utilisation rate. So all of this data that is developed in the smart factory can become a source of training data or to be used for inferencing and adaptation of an existing LLM or some other AI model. We announced this solution at Dell Technologies World in Las Vegas in May this year, called Project Helix. And now Project Helix, which is something we've been working with NVIDIA for 18 months to bring to market, is the leading solution for high performance generative computing.

AI platforms. This has now evolved into a series of offerings. And so we have what we call a Dell validated design, together with NVIDIA, for a complete solution. This is a complete stack of infrastructure, IT infrastructure, for compute, storage, and network, sitting on a cluster of Linux hosts, and running a very comprehensive AI development stack, that is supported and provided by NVIDIA, including the NVIDIA NEMO library, and the AI Workbench. The AI Workbench allows you to bring in existing LLNs and tools, such as Lume, Marker 2, and a whole branch of other libraries that are available from the open source.

face repository. So this is a very powerful, but a proven architecture. It's not something you have to build by hand and manage all of the integration. This is why we call it a validated design. We also, apart from NVIDIA, this is open to a number of other partners that we work with, such as H2O AI, which is a coalesce AI solution, basically templatized AI outcomes, where you can feed in a whole lot of data and have the tool find the optimum AI set of patterns and training models that will suit the outcome you're looking for. And there are a number of other partners that help with the MLOps acceleration.

Well, of course, we are a manufacturer of high-technology components. I'm sure a number of you have a Dell laptop, Dell servers. And we have facilities and factory plants all over the world. Actually, I was attending Semicon Southeast Asia in Penang this year. Maybe you were there too. And I went across to our factory in Penang. Of course, they're building Dell servers and workstations and getting into the supply chain. But we're doing something a little bit different in Brazil. In Brazil, we've actually put together what we're calling our concept line for demonstration to customers of all of our edge technologies. So apart from putting together partner solutions, ourselves within Dell, within our own manufacturing plants, our leverage...

this technology, getting more experience, and of course using HACCP to engage with our customers about the possible outcomes they can take. And just a few of the use cases that we are working on and implementing at the Brazil HACCP offices. Please advance the slide. Next slide, please. Thank you. So, looking at vision-based analytics that will help us to identify anomalies. Part of this is looking at the entire process through the line, through the assembly line. Using robotic-based computer vision to do all of these.

inspection of products. Of course our assembly lines are not such high resolution, not such detailed assembly lines as silicon wafer fabrication, but we're using the same techniques and the same technology to automatically look for blemishes and defects in the assembly of our products. And the third one is looking around process optimization, run time metrics, cycle time, time to complete products. And this is using computer vision and operators on the line to look for moments where there is a blockage in the line and understand the reasons why and try to improve and optimize the process. So these are just a few examples that we are using ourselves today. Next slide please.

Here's a picture. What are we looking at? This is different. It's not a silicon chip and it's not a computer. This is actually the chassis of a Tesla Model Y, I believe. And at the chassis of a Tesla, of course the most important component, and also the most expensive component in an electric vehicle, is the battery. In this case you can see that in the chassis of a Tesla there are thousands of battery cells. And these battery cells are really critical to the manufacture of the vehicle because they have to be reliable, they have to have a very long life, maintain full charge after discharge and recharge, and also it's very bad if they catch fire or have some sort of problem. Unfortunately, batteries are made of a very volatile mix of chemicals, like lithium, metal hydride, iron.

Next slide please, this is just not working. Next slide, thank you. And one more clip, two more clips. Thank you. So, you know, the simple battery cell that you think is a pretty basic product, it actually turns out it's a very detailed, very complicated assembly of chemicals, components, really thin foil wafers that are bonded around the slurry. Obviously there's assembly into cells or packs or modules of some sort, integration into the vehicle and ongoing testing. Of course there's the option for recycling and reuse of some of those chemicals.

Well, good afternoon, everybody, and I hope you are staying awake for this, the last session of Smart Manufacturing. I'm from Dell Technologies. We're very excited to be a part of this industry. The electronics design and semiconductor manufacturing industry is very important for the whole world, for human progress, and to develop new ideas and new devices. And Dell Technologies is a major IT vendor to so many customers across this segment. We're also a global member of CEMI organization, and we are involved in many of the

And we are providing our Dell Technologies solutions for data ingest, analytics, computing and AI ML outcomes to a number of leading global vendors of batteries for electric vehicles. This includes major companies in Korea and greater China and it's a really fast growing area because of course the world is only just getting started in decarbonisation and electrification of our vehicle fleet. As you can see there is a lot of technology involved in managing all of this data and this is where Dell Technologies has developed a lot of experience. So really to wrap up, what we have been putting together is another Dell product.

of design, this time not specifically for AI, but for the manufacturing edge. Bringing together our technology, our storage, our networking, our rugged servers. We have these on display at the Dell Technologies stand here in the show today. And the ability to be able to bring that together with partners and with industrial protocols. Next slide. And all of this leads into a data flow for smart manufacturing outcomes. And it really starts right at the edge. As I said, Dell is pushing into the edge with dedicated hardware products that are designed for rugged, high-temperature operations. We want to be able to process a lot of that data at the edge by uploading AI in our model.

And to be able to ingest this inference filter and then get the data that we need to retain and put it into the core data lake house. And this is where the high performance file storage is needed. This is where a lot of the analytics and model development takes place. And finally we can retain that data for a long term archive, for cradle to grave quality assurance in our high capacity object storage. And because this is native S3, it's identical to the storage in the public cloud. And with direct connection, often through a colo partner like Equinix or Rackspace, this provides our customers with a very flexible multi-cloud operation to run applications and analytics in the public cloud, but to leverage storage.

that is fully controlled and is much lower cost and higher performance than the storage in the public hardware. So, final slide, I think that is the end, I guess. So, thank you very much, I hope you found this presentation interesting. Dell Technologies is, of course, really pleased to be part of this industry and we look forward to further collaboration. Thank you. Thank you.

these conference sessions. So thank you for joining this session and for welcoming me. This week in Taiwan we've been very busy meeting with all of our major customers and these customers are, you know, developing, manufacturing and fabricating the leading semiconductor solutions that are used in the global platform. And the challenge that we are seeing is of course dimensions are getting smaller, the accuracy of the production is getting tighter and tighter, and so the amount of data that is being created through the process and the opportunity to have a full transformation in terms of quality and innovation is possible through data.

What we can do is, working with our customers, help to bring together the OT and the IT environment. To bring together the industrial data coming from these very sophisticated machines that we are seeing in the hall today. By leveraging that data, we can help our customers to streamline their solution and have a truly optimized, highest quality, highest yield production. And most importantly, as we heard from the last presenter, the size of the fabrication plants, the number of machines, the volume of the output, is growing massively. And so, having a solution that will scale. And when I'm talking about scale, some of our customers...

customers in this region have many hundreds of petabytes of data that needs to be stored and managed, and it needs to be done that securely. And so this is a very important factor, and one of the reasons why Dell Technologies is often selected. And of course, we're on the early stages where AI, artificial intelligence, is really making a huge difference in the outcomes for these customers. But we've got a simple phrase, no data, no AI. AI is not clever, it's not like a human. It's fed by data. Data is the training information that is used by the AI to detect patterns, to detect anomalies, and also to be able to...

to learn the structure and reproduce new information, like generating AI from that structure. So without the data, you can't get the benefit of AI. So we see that the unstructured data becomes a really important part of the process. At Dell Technologies, we are pushing well beyond the office, well beyond the data center, into the edge. We have a specific focus in Dell to push our technology into manufacturing edge, and to form partnerships with some of the leading vendors who are used across the edge. So it's a simple diagram, but there's a lot of technology, including digital twinning. So the full commitment of high cost to...

to actually put together a fabrication for that, it's possible using a tool like XF Pro to simulate the entire environment and to reduce the risk, optimize the production process and the flow of materials. The ability to take information from machines that are using industrial language, like Sengstem, using VTC, VTC Kepware, other solutions, it's very important. And then of course, machine vision. Machine vision is really the key piece of data that can be used in an AI pipeline. When we talk about unstructured data, we talk about high resolution images, computer vision that is taken in these machines to inspect.

the outcome, to look for problems where a product has a defect, and it's really important to identify this as early in the process as possible, because all the later processes, if there is a defect early, are a waste of time and consuming resources. So, identifying as quickly as possible means that you need to push the AI algorithm to the edge and do rapid inspection and inferencing from that data. When we get to sub-nanometer, really high-resolution wafers, we partner with the Dutch company ASML, and we have solutions that have been proven on their PB advanced metrology systems. So, once again...

It's like a visual image, but it's extremely high resolution. One of our customers is using this technology and generating over 300 terabytes of data a day that has to be analyzed, inspected in real time, and also stored for training and development. So, how do we see artificial intelligence coming into the existing data workflow of a smart manufacturing customer? These companies are generating a massive amount of data, as we know, machine-generated data, also human-generated, like software code and simulations. And often they're storing this into a data lake, such as our Dell Technologies Ice Salon or PowerScale Storage, which is very popular in this industry.

